Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Galaxy A10e: Can you hear me. Hi.
Galaxy A10e: How are you good are you
Shawn Phalen: Good, good.
Shawn Phalen: Um, okay, so I'm one of the counselors, one of the therapists separate
Shawn Phalen: And I'm one of the requirements as you knows to do the groups.
Shawn Phalen: You know, yeah. And then they want
Galaxy A10e: To meet with a cast of therapists twice a month. Yeah. Okay, so I just have to ask you some background questions. It's just so this information.
Shawn Phalen: So tell me what brought you to write hurt.
Galaxy A10e: Um, well, I've been in this box and program for almost like three years I think. And then when Dr groves left I guess they
Galaxy A10e: weren't able to, I mean you guys you know Brian heart took over. So I just had to, you know, I don't know. Yeah, I just had to get like acquainted with right heart and stuff. So that's why
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so why did you
Galaxy A10e: What do you want Suboxone for Tommy Oh, okay. Okay, well I'm like four years ago.
Galaxy A10e: I was pregnant with my youngest son and I
Galaxy A10e: Got a autoimmune disease called interstitial cystitis and and so when I finally like wasn't pregnant anymore, a doctor that I was seeing was like finally able. They're tricky for that. And so I bought on pain management and I was
Galaxy A10e: In management for like a year and a half, I think.
Galaxy A10e: Or so, and
Galaxy A10e: Then you know it's a chronic disease, though I wasn't getting any better and but now at that point I had been used, you know, on pills for a year, year and a half.
Galaxy A10e: So my doctor, you know, wanted to take me off pain management but you know i mean i needed them mentally and physically at that point.
So,
Galaxy A10e: I had known about this box and programmed in Dr gross forever. And I knew Tony when she was like running the rehab here in Crescent City.
Galaxy A10e: My mom was in the rehab and stuff. So I just kind of knew about the program in and I just went in, you know, got a referral and it basically just put myself in there, whatever.
Shawn Phalen: So what kind of pills are you taking
Galaxy A10e: I'm Viking it or like a Viking him.
Galaxy A10e: Perfectly said, Um, well.
Galaxy A10e: I can't remember what it's called but
Galaxy A10e: A like usually give it to you in a shot like at the hospital.
Galaxy A10e: I can't remember what it's called.
Galaxy A10e: No.
Galaxy A10e: Morphine morphine. Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: So that, can you hold your phone. Still, is there any way that you can like keep it from moving around.
Galaxy A10e: I don't even. Um, let's see, I might be able to like profit.
Galaxy A10e: It just gets me seasick. Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Okay Okay perfect, so
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so you were taking the pills for about a year. You said
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: And then I like how we look how many posts, where you're taking a day.
Um,
Galaxy A10e: I think I was supposed to be taking like four and it started out as that, you know, and then
Galaxy A10e: I would you know sometimes take more than that, obviously, because, you know, that was just like the max that I could get. So I just stayed at that as far as my doctor at the time. No, but you know I was getting more, if I could, other way is and you know then taking them to. Right. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Any other drugs prior to the pills.
No. Okay.
Galaxy A10e: No.
Okay we any weed.
Galaxy A10e: I'm one when I was younger, more, um, but not really as an adult, I mean I had my first son when I was 18, you know, in both
Galaxy A10e: My dad was an addict and he passed away because of it. And then my mom turned into an alcoholic and, you know, sort of, just like been around addicts, my whole life or whatever. Um, so
Galaxy A10e: I was kind of scared, but like of drugs, really. And then when I got sick. There was just nothing I wouldn't do to make it a little bit better because it was just, I mean, I was suicidal and stuff so
Galaxy A10e: It was really bad. And then so when he was like, You need to get off pain management. I was like, there's no effing way, you know, after a year, year and a half, so
Shawn Phalen: Um, how many kids do you have to
Galaxy A10e: I do. Okay. And how old are they
Galaxy A10e: Eat my oldest just turned me live in April and then my youngest is four.
Shawn Phalen: And then, are you married
Galaxy A10e: Yes, I am.
Shawn Phalen: And then are you are you close with your mom. Do you have siblings.
Galaxy A10e: That you talk to you. Yeah. Well, me and my sister, my youngest sister are really close. Um, and then, you know, we basically took care of my little brother, um, because my mom was drinking so much, you know, and
Galaxy A10e: So we are really close to one another as close with our older sister. But, you know, she just is different. I mean, she didn't go through as much as we did cuz she got pregnant when she was like 16 or 15 or 16 like super young and so she got to move out and live with my grandma. So, um,
Galaxy A10e: You know me and my little sister and then my little brother.
Galaxy A10e: You know, we had to stay with my mom, which was a lot to go through, you know,
Galaxy A10e: And so me and my sister were super close and then, like I said, you know, we took care of my little brother. He was much younger than us.
Galaxy A10e: So yeah, we're really close. And then my mom, um, you know, there's been times where we weren't very close. And then, you know, especially when she was drinking, but she has been sober almost six years now. So yeah, we're really close. Now I see her like every day. Okay. Okay, good.
Shawn Phalen: Are you working or were you before all this pandemic stuff.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, well, yeah, um, before I got interstitial cystitis I mean I had been working since I was 16 you know as soon as I could get a job. I got one up. And so I've worked on, you know, my whole life. And then when I got
Galaxy A10e: Interstitial Cystitis I just could not cope at all. And so my uncle before I got that. My uncle and I bought a place together because my aunt was taking care of him.
Galaxy A10e: And she isn't. And so she kind of just left him. So then him and I bought a house together. And so I take care of my uncle, which is really nice because then I'm able to be home you know
Galaxy A10e: And when I'm flyering you know he can he works around my schedule and stuff, you know, so it's really nice.
Galaxy A10e: You know, I can't imagine like being on my feet for like nine hours or or something like that, you know, not being able to use the bathroom because I have to go all the time is my bladder so bad, you know. So yeah, I'm really fortunate there to be able to be home and working so nice.
Shawn Phalen: So y'all live up here. Oh, man.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, he yeah we have a house together. I'm going to
Galaxy A10e: Stop moving. Sorry.
Galaxy A10e: Okay, and then hopefully I won't move anymore. I'm usually. I mean, I just have like a super bad memory. So even though I thought a
Galaxy A10e: text this morning, reminding me about tonight, literally at 728 all the sudden, I was like oh my god like freaking out and then it takes a minute for them to like you in the waiting room and stop, you know. So yeah, of course. I had dinner going I turn everything off. I just shatter.
Shawn Phalen: Have you had any legal issues because of your pill use or
Galaxy A10e: Um, no, no, not really because I just was that home all the time so I you know I was kind of lucky because I added a prescription and so I didn't have to, you know, go through as much to get bills as someone else would have to, you know, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So how are your symptoms. Now with like physically. How do you feel
Um,
Galaxy A10e: I think I can just like cope with it a lot more. Now you know like I can even imagine like
Galaxy A10e: In the beginning, there's just, I mean, I honestly don't think I would have been able to get through it. You know, I don't know.
Galaxy A10e: You know, I think that my symptoms are a lot better. Um, and like I said just mentally. I've been doing it for so long now it's kind of like
Galaxy A10e: You know, like, in the beginning, I would be like on support groups and stuff like trying to figure out what I had because they didn't even know what I had since I was pregnant, they didn't want to touch me, you know,
Galaxy A10e: So I was just search and search and search, trying to figure it out in the beginning. And I'd be like on support groups and people would be saying like
Galaxy A10e: You know, you get used to a you learn to live with it, whatever. And I'm like, there's no way. But, you know, yeah, you kind of do just cope, you know, eventually, and I think after I had my son was able to
Galaxy A10e: Get on some of the medication.
Galaxy A10e: And it kind of finally start kicking in a little bit. It definitely helped
Galaxy A10e: It's kind of hard for me because
Galaxy A10e: Since I've had to take like so much medication for it. I've gained a lot of weight. Yeah, and that's been really hard for me like mentally
Galaxy A10e: When I was younger I had a really bad eating disorder and but in reality I really didn't have to do much. I just was in earth, you know,
Galaxy A10e: With all the medication my, you know, metabolism is just gone and I bought an older, obviously, you know, so my metabolism. Metabolism has just gone downhill.
Galaxy A10e: So mentally that that's really hard for me to deal with, you know, I don't really know what to do.
Galaxy A10e: When
I'm
Shawn Phalen: So what, when you get a flare up like described to me with your flare ups or like
Galaxy A10e: I'm like, the worst bladder infection ever
Galaxy A10e: It's like on fire. I'm on fire deal. They're everywhere. My stomach actually physically flow over my bladder area.
Galaxy A10e: I feel like I have to pee non stop but nothing comes out, you know, so I just sit there because it's like, mentally, even though I know I don't have to pee. That feeling is just so prominent that it's just like, I can't ignore it. It's, it's terrible.
Galaxy A10e: Like cramping, of course, you know, just, it's just terrible, terrible. I can't
Galaxy A10e: No, no.
Shawn Phalen: How often do you get flare up
Galaxy A10e: And now. Oh, I kind of stay with my medication. I stay at my base, which usually, you know, I can be walking around at a six or so.
Galaxy A10e: And then with flare ups. It's just off the charts. But usually I have a pretty bad flare like twice a month, sometimes more, you know, um, but that can last for days at a time.
Galaxy A10e: Which is hard.
Any suicide attempts in the past because
Galaxy A10e: Um,
Galaxy A10e: No, I mean, I mean, I wanted to definitely um yeah I play
Galaxy A10e: I mean, I wish it was so bad, like I was pregnant and I even like with and try to like have an abortion.
Galaxy A10e: As I could not handle. I mean, I just was like, there's no way I can take care of a baby. And my feeling like this, you know, I just didn't think there was a way
Galaxy A10e: No way what why you got it. Like what, you know,
Galaxy A10e: Um, some doctors. See that, you know, hormones, play a role in some doctors don't of course you know I mean I was nine weeks pregnant. I went to bed perfectly fine. I woke up in hell. Hell, I mean, I thought oh my god I the worst UTI ever. I mean, I woke up just in misery and I like
Galaxy A10e: I mean, I even went to the hospital. And I was like, I have a black section in there. I know you don't like I was like what
Galaxy A10e: And they were like your urine tests that you don't have a UTI. And I'm like, there's something wrong with your test because I'm telling you.
Galaxy A10e: I have a UTI, you know, and they were like will give you antibiotics, you know, but we don't think you have one. And I was like, no way. So like my third day on antibiotics and it wasn't getting any better. I was like oh my god I'm rude. I mean, that's what I thought. I can see my whole
Galaxy A10e: Sorry, just
Galaxy A10e: Smarter. That's okay.
Galaxy A10e: You know, so yeah, I mean, my whole life. Actually, I've had UT is a lot like you know sometimes I mean even before I had kids, I would
Galaxy A10e: Have them twice a month. Sometimes, then I would go in for more and by on it. They'd be like, you know, you really shouldn't be getting them back to back like this you know in in even I was taking every precaution, you know, wiping in front of that you know before
Galaxy A10e: Everything.
Galaxy A10e: And
Galaxy A10e: I just, I couldn't figure it out, you know, but then, yeah, then when I got pregnant. I was out nine weeks pregnant and it just came on full force and never left. Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Terrible.
Shawn Phalen: How many medications are you on right now.
Galaxy A10e: Right now I'm on
Galaxy A10e: Lyrica Nima trip Julian Tramadol
Galaxy A10e: Um,
Galaxy A10e: I think Cymbalta
Galaxy A10e: And this is all I think that's it i i tried so many, you know, just any I would just research and if even one person said, blah, blah, blah. Helps them. I don't. My doctor and be like,
Galaxy A10e: Hey, try this, you know everything. And then finally the amitriptyline and lyrics together started to help
Galaxy A10e: Just little bits at a time and then when I saw on pain management, it really started you know that that really did help, but really actually has been a big help. Like, I thought there's when you Tramadol going to help you know if my Percocet and North Coast and everything else, you know,
Galaxy A10e: Was helping me. There's no way Tramadol will, you know, just in my mind. I just thought it was so much you know weaker or less, you know, but it's actually helped a lot. I mean, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So, um,
So basically you just find ways to cope. Then I mean
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, basically.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so let's. Can we can we set another appointment like
Galaxy A10e: Yeah yeah you the individual session. Yes. Yeah, that's
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Um, can you see it would. These are your groups.
Galaxy A10e: Um, since I've been in for so long, I only go on Friday afternoons. So any day is fine. I mean, even on Friday. You know, it's fine, but
Shawn Phalen: What can you do Wednesday, June 3 at 630
Sure. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: All right. Do you have any questions for me.
Galaxy A10e: No, that's all.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, I'll put you in. I'll see you
Know,